Add 2026 Q1 TAC Report for Global Cyber Policy WG (#591)
ossf/tac: TI-reports/2026/2026-Q1-GCP-WG.md

Activities and Publications: [pending]

## Standards SIG

The Standards SIG is led by [Madalin Neag](https://github.com/madalinnneag). 

The SIG's mission has been to coordinate between stakeholders regarding engagement in Standards work related to cybersecurity policy. This is complicated by the fact that many of these standards organizations have a different approach to confidentiality than the OpenSSF. The discussions of this group have helped to guide the engagement of OpenSSF staff within some of these efforts.

Last year, the SIG produced a Standards Survey for OpenSSF members to determine what standards are highest priority. The results of this survey were discussed in our main working group [call on 7-21](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iAplSQheMgemdMnEw74uPj3oi_6rLLbFFXhg4svqIDo/edit?tab=t.0) and indicated high priority for certain vertical standards such as hypervisors, operating systems and identity management systems. This info has helped to prioritize the work of this group. 

> The SIG's main work this year has been on raising awareness of relevant standards efforts, disseminating information to members about these efforts, and highligting when public consultations are open / helping members partiicpate in these consulitations.

Reviewer: consulitations vs consultations

The SIG has also acted as an information-sharing platform on related policy developments, standards initiatives, funding opportunities, and key steps for CRA implementation, including updates on delegated and implementing acts, guidance materials, roadmaps, and developments from relevant European institutions and authorities.

The Standards SIG is led by [Madalin Neag](https://github.com/madalinnneag). 

The SIG's mission has been to coordinate between stakeholders regarding engagement in Standards work related to cybersecurity policy. This is complicated by the fact that many of these standards organizations have a different approach to confidentiality than the OpenSSF. The discussions of this group have helped to guide the engagement of OpenSSF staff within some of these efforts.

The SIG's main work this year has been on raising awareness of relevant standards efforts, disseminating information to members about these efforts, and highligting when public consultations are open / helping members participate in these consultations.

> The SIG's main work this year has been on raising awareness of relevant standards efforts, disseminating information to members about these efforts, and highligting when public consultations are open / helping members partiicpate in these consulitations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SIG's main work this year has been on raising awareness of relevant standards efforts, disseminating information to members about these efforts, and highligting when public consultations are open / helping members participate in these consultations.
```
